undefined count of parameters (#1250)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/SymfonyExpressionLanguage/Index.rst

       });
   }

The first argument :php:`$existingVariables` is an array of which each associative key corresponds to a registered variable.

   *  request (TYPO3\CMS\Core\ExpressionLanguage\RequestWrapper)
   *  applicationContext - string
   *  typo3 . stdClass
   *  tree - stdClass
   *  frontend - stdClass
   *  backend - stdClass
   *  workspace - stdClass
   *  page - array: page record

> If you have an undefined count of variables, then you can use three dots::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a variable amount of variables, then you can use variadic arguments::
```

    // ...

>     }, function (...$args) {
>       `$existingVariables = $args['0'];
>     // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }, function (...$args) {
        $existingVariables = $args['0'];
        // ...
    }
```
